this is my review of the HCM pro series
gundam rx-78 it is the rollout color
version which i'm pretty sure means that
it is supposed to look like it just came
out of the factory it is a it is
approximately four inches tall the scale
is 1 / 200 it is actually this is
probably my first review of a any model
ma this is my first review of any action
figure or you could say models or
anything like that of the gundam series
before I on that no this is also
probably my first Gundam action figure
in I'm five or six years so I've had a
nice thing to review especially since I
didn't see a review of this particular
one on YouTube as far as the kit goes
itself I mean as far as the action
figure it goes it's pretty nice pretty
nicely detailed even the little door
comes off to show part of the core
fighter just very neat it has many
different hands and weapons that you can
put on it which each weapon has its own
specific specific hand even the shield
has its own him to hold it
and as far as weapons though you have to
put them together just like a normal
model kit normal model kit which isn't
very hard there the beam rifle itself is
maybe three parts the hand the our four
part to the hand the ammo clip or the
energy clip I guess you'd say what's a
beam rifle the site and the main part of
the deal itself while the bazooka is see
the hand half of the the bazookas in
hats when you get it this back part and
this part all together this figure is
very nice it has some problems but those
problems are too serious especially if
you're just going to use it as a as a
just a piece to show off of me this I
wouldn't recommend playing with it very
much because some of the parts are bit
fragile like the hydraulics here I did
have one pop out on me earlier today
when I first got it so I don't recommend
messing with it too much you might mess
it up but all in all it's a very nice
figure and for nine hundred yen you
can't go wrong as I'm sure you're all
aware it's the model rx-78 is the model
that amaro ray pilots in the one year
war and I'm guessing this is what it
looked like before arm row got it before
they painted it it's very nice and
although i would prefer the painted one
I think they were out of stock or it was
more expensive at the time but very nice
it's a special edition for the
three-year anniversary
tree of hmc Pro Series and I'm and as of
now when i took this review its februari
27th they still have this figure in
stock on hobby link of hobby link japan
for exactly nine hundred yen plus 580 in
shipping for the Sal shipping and 1500
yen for the ems shipping so it's not
very expensive that's roughly roughly
seventeen eighteen dollars in US
currency it's definitely a pretty good
bye and i recommend it to anyone who's a
fan of the series so thanks for watching
my review and look forward for other
action figures and and model kits in the
future the next one i will be reviewing
is the Shiba Isis avi SD gundam figure
from the romance of the three kingdoms
SD series so until then see you